Nebuchadnezzar the king all peoples
Nebuchadnezzar the king all peoples nations and languages that dwell in all
nations and languages that dwell in all
nations and languages that dwell in all the earth peace be multiplied to you I
the earth peace be multiplied to you I
the earth peace be multiplied to you I thought it good to declare the signs and
thought it good to declare the signs and
thought it good to declare the signs and wonders that the Most High God has
wonders that the Most High God has
wonders that the Most High God has worked for me how greater his science
worked for me how greater his science
worked for me how greater his science and how mighty his wonders his kingdom
and how mighty his wonders his kingdom
and how mighty his wonders his kingdom is an everlasting Kingdom and his
is an everlasting Kingdom and his
is an everlasting Kingdom and his Dominion is from generation to
Dominion is from generation to
Dominion is from generation to generation I never can answer was at
generation I never can answer was at
generation I never can answer was at rest in my house and flourishing in my
rest in my house and flourishing in my
rest in my house and flourishing in my palace I saw a dream which made me
palace I saw a dream which made me
palace I saw a dream which made me afraid and the thoughts on my bed and
afraid and the thoughts on my bed and
afraid and the thoughts on my bed and the visions of my head troubled me
the visions of my head troubled me
the visions of my head troubled me therefore I issued a decree to bring in
therefore I issued a decree to bring in
therefore I issued a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me
all the wise men of Babylon before me
all the wise men of Babylon before me that they might make known to me the
that they might make known to me the
that they might make known to me the interpretation of the dream then the
interpretation of the dream then the
interpretation of the dream then the magician's the astrologers the Chaldeans
magician's the astrologers the Chaldeans
magician's the astrologers the Chaldeans and the soothsayers came in and I told
and the soothsayers came in and I told
and the soothsayers came in and I told them the dream but they did not make
them the dream but they did not make
them the dream but they did not make known to me its interpretation but at
known to me its interpretation but at
known to me its interpretation but at last Daniel came before me
last Daniel came before me
last Daniel came before me his name is Delta Shazza according to
his name is Delta Shazza according to
his name is Delta Shazza according to the name of my God in him as the spirit
the name of my God in him as the spirit
the name of my God in him as the spirit of the holy God and I told the dream
of the holy God and I told the dream
of the holy God and I told the dream before him saying Delta Shazza
before him saying Delta Shazza
before him saying Delta Shazza chief of the magician's because I know
chief of the magician's because I know
chief of the magician's because I know that the spirit of the holy God is in
that the spirit of the holy God is in
that the spirit of the holy God is in you and no secret troubles you explain
you and no secret troubles you explain
you and no secret troubles you explain to me the visions of my dream that I
to me the visions of my dream that I
to me the visions of my dream that I have seen and its interpretation these
have seen and its interpretation these
have seen and its interpretation these were the visions of my head while on my
were the visions of my head while on my
were the visions of my head while on my bed I was looking
bed I was looking
bed I was looking and behold a tree in the midst of the
and behold a tree in the midst of the
and behold a tree in the midst of the earth and its height was great the tree
earth and its height was great the tree
earth and its height was great the tree grew and became strong its height
grew and became strong its height
grew and became strong its height reached to the heavens and it could be
reached to the heavens and it could be
reached to the heavens and it could be seen to the ends of all the earth its
seen to the ends of all the earth its
seen to the ends of all the earth its leaves were lovely its fruit abundant
leaves were lovely its fruit abundant
leaves were lovely its fruit abundant and in it was food for all the beasts of
and in it was food for all the beasts of
and in it was food for all the beasts of the field found shade unhurt the birds
the field found shade unhurt the birds
the field found shade unhurt the birds of the heavens dwelt in its branches and
of the heavens dwelt in its branches and
of the heavens dwelt in its branches and all flesh was fed from it I saw in the
all flesh was fed from it I saw in the
all flesh was fed from it I saw in the visions of my head while on my bed and
visions of my head while on my bed and
visions of my head while on my bed and there was a watcher a holy one coming
there was a watcher a holy one coming
there was a watcher a holy one coming down from heaven he cried aloud and said
down from heaven he cried aloud and said
down from heaven he cried aloud and said thus chop down the tree and cut off its
thus chop down the tree and cut off its
thus chop down the tree and cut off its branches strip off its leaves and
branches strip off its leaves and
branches strip off its leaves and scatter its fruit let the beasts get out
scatter its fruit let the beasts get out
scatter its fruit let the beasts get out from under it and the birds from its
from under it and the birds from its
from under it and the birds from its branches nevertheless leave the stump
branches nevertheless leave the stump
branches nevertheless leave the stump and roots in the earth bound with a band
and roots in the earth bound with a band
and roots in the earth bound with a band of iron and bronze in the tender grass
of iron and bronze in the tender grass
of iron and bronze in the tender grass of the field
of the field
of the field let it be wet with the dew of heaven and
let it be wet with the dew of heaven and
let it be wet with the dew of heaven and let him graze with the beasts on the
let him graze with the beasts on the
let him graze with the beasts on the grass of the earth let his heart be
grass of the earth let his heart be
grass of the earth let his heart be changed from that of a man let him be
changed from that of a man let him be
changed from that of a man let him be given the heart of a beast and let seven
given the heart of a beast and let seven
given the heart of a beast and let seven times pass over him
times pass over him
times pass over him this decision is by the decree of the
this decision is by the decree of the
this decision is by the decree of the Watchers and the sentence by the word of
Watchers and the sentence by the word of
Watchers and the sentence by the word of the Holy Ones in order that the living
the Holy Ones in order that the living
the Holy Ones in order that the living may know that the most high rules in the
may know that the most high rules in the
may know that the most high rules in the kingdom of men gives it to whomever he
kingdom of men gives it to whomever he
kingdom of men gives it to whomever he will and sets over it the lowest of men
will and sets over it the lowest of men
will and sets over it the lowest of men this dream I King Nebuchadnezzar have
this dream I King Nebuchadnezzar have
this dream I King Nebuchadnezzar have seen now you Delta says declare its
seen now you Delta says declare its
seen now you Delta says declare its interpretation since all the wise men of
interpretation since all the wise men of
interpretation since all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to make known to
my kingdom are not able to make known to
my kingdom are not able to make known to me the interpretation but you are able
me the interpretation but you are able
me the interpretation but you are able for the spirit of the holy God is in you
for the spirit of the holy God is in you
for the spirit of the holy God is in you when Daniel whose name was belteshazzar
when Daniel whose name was belteshazzar
when Daniel whose name was belteshazzar was astonished for a time and his
was astonished for a time and his
was astonished for a time and his thoughts troubled him so the King spoke
thoughts troubled him so the King spoke
thoughts troubled him so the King spoke belteshazzar do not let the dream or its
belteshazzar do not let the dream or its
belteshazzar do not let the dream or its interpretation trouble you my lord may
interpretation trouble you my lord may
interpretation trouble you my lord may the dream concern those who hate you and
the dream concern those who hate you and
the dream concern those who hate you and its interpretation concern your enemies
its interpretation concern your enemies
its interpretation concern your enemies the tree that you saw which grew and
the tree that you saw which grew and
the tree that you saw which grew and became strong whose height reached to
became strong whose height reached to
became strong whose height reached to the heavens and which could be seen by
the heavens and which could be seen by
the heavens and which could be seen by all the earth whose leaves were lovely
all the earth whose leaves were lovely
all the earth whose leaves were lovely and its fruit abundant and which was
and its fruit abundant and which was
and its fruit abundant and which was food for all under which the beasts of
food for all under which the beasts of
food for all under which the beasts of the field dwelt and in whose branches
the field dwelt and in whose branches
the field dwelt and in whose branches the birds of the heaven had their home
the birds of the heaven had their home
the birds of the heaven had their home it is
it is
it is Oh King who have grown and become strong
Oh King who have grown and become strong
Oh King who have grown and become strong for your greatness has grown and reaches
for your greatness has grown and reaches
for your greatness has grown and reaches to the heavens and your Dominion to the
to the heavens and your Dominion to the
to the heavens and your Dominion to the end of the earth and and as much as the
end of the earth and and as much as the
end of the earth and and as much as the king saw a watcher a holy one coming
king saw a watcher a holy one coming
king saw a watcher a holy one coming down from heaven and saying chop down
down from heaven and saying chop down
down from heaven and saying chop down the tree and destroy it
the tree and destroy it
the tree and destroy it but leave it stump and roots in the
but leave it stump and roots in the
but leave it stump and roots in the earth bound with a band of iron and
earth bound with a band of iron and
earth bound with a band of iron and bronze and the tender grass of the field
bronze and the tender grass of the field
bronze and the tender grass of the field let it be wet with the dew of heaven and
let it be wet with the dew of heaven and
let it be wet with the dew of heaven and let him graze with the beasts of the
let him graze with the beasts of the
let him graze with the beasts of the field till seven times pass over him
field till seven times pass over him
field till seven times pass over him this is the interpretation o King and
this is the interpretation o King and
this is the interpretation o King and this is the decree of the Most High
this is the decree of the Most High
this is the decree of the Most High which has come upon my lord the King
which has come upon my lord the King
which has come upon my lord the King they shall drive you from men your
they shall drive you from men your
they shall drive you from men your dwelling shall be with the beasts of the
dwelling shall be with the beasts of the
dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field and they shall make you eat grass
field and they shall make you eat grass
field and they shall make you eat grass like oxen they shall wet you with the
like oxen they shall wet you with the
like oxen they shall wet you with the dew of heaven and seven times shall pass
dew of heaven and seven times shall pass
dew of heaven and seven times shall pass over you till you know that the most
over you till you know that the most
over you till you know that the most high rules in the kingdom of men and
high rules in the kingdom of men and
high rules in the kingdom of men and gives it to whomever he chooses and and
gives it to whomever he chooses and and
gives it to whomever he chooses and and as much as they gave the command to lead
as much as they gave the command to lead
as much as they gave the command to lead the stump and roots of the tree your
the stump and roots of the tree your
the stump and roots of the tree your kingdom shall be assured to you after
kingdom shall be assured to you after
kingdom shall be assured to you after you come to know that heaven rules
you come to know that heaven rules
you come to know that heaven rules therefore O king let my advice be
therefore O king let my advice be
therefore O king let my advice be acceptable to you break off your sins by
acceptable to you break off your sins by
acceptable to you break off your sins by being righteous and your iniquities by
being righteous and your iniquities by
being righteous and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor perhaps there
showing mercy to the poor perhaps there
showing mercy to the poor perhaps there may be a lengthening of your prosperity
may be a lengthening of your prosperity
may be a lengthening of your prosperity all this came upon king nebuchadnezzar
all this came upon king nebuchadnezzar
all this came upon king nebuchadnezzar at the end of the 12 months he was
at the end of the 12 months he was
at the end of the 12 months he was walking about the royal palace of
walking about the royal palace of
walking about the royal palace of babylon the king spoke is not this great
babylon the king spoke is not this great
babylon the king spoke is not this great Babylon that I have built for a royal
Babylon that I have built for a royal
Babylon that I have built for a royal dwelling by my mighty power and for the
dwelling by my mighty power and for the
dwelling by my mighty power and for the honor of my majesty while the word was
honor of my majesty while the word was
honor of my majesty while the word was still in the king's mouth her voice fell
still in the king's mouth her voice fell
still in the king's mouth her voice fell from heaven King Nebuchadnezzar to you
from heaven King Nebuchadnezzar to you
from heaven King Nebuchadnezzar to you it is spoken the Kingdom has departed
it is spoken the Kingdom has departed
it is spoken the Kingdom has departed from you and they shall drive you from
from you and they shall drive you from
from you and they shall drive you from men and your dwelling shall be with the
men and your dwelling shall be with the
men and your dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field they shall make you
beasts of the field they shall make you
beasts of the field they shall make you eat grass like oxen and seven times
eat grass like oxen and seven times
eat grass like oxen and seven times shall pass over you until you know that
shall pass over you until you know that
shall pass over you until you know that the most high rules in the kingdom of
the most high rules in the kingdom of
the most high rules in the kingdom of men and gives it to whomever he chooses
that very hour the word was fulfilled
that very hour the word was fulfilled concerning Nebuchadnezzar he was driven
concerning Nebuchadnezzar he was driven
concerning Nebuchadnezzar he was driven from men
from men
from men and eight grass like oxen his body was
and eight grass like oxen his body was
and eight grass like oxen his body was wet with the dew of heaven till his hair
wet with the dew of heaven till his hair
wet with the dew of heaven till his hair had grown like Eagles feathers and his
had grown like Eagles feathers and his
had grown like Eagles feathers and his nails like birds claws and at the end of
nails like birds claws and at the end of
nails like birds claws and at the end of the time I Nebuchadnezzar lifted my eyes
the time I Nebuchadnezzar lifted my eyes
the time I Nebuchadnezzar lifted my eyes to heaven and my understanding returned
to heaven and my understanding returned
to heaven and my understanding returned to me and I blessed the most high and
to me and I blessed the most high and
to me and I blessed the most high and praised and honored him who lives
praised and honored him who lives
praised and honored him who lives forever
forever
forever for his Dominion is an everlasting
for his Dominion is an everlasting
for his Dominion is an everlasting Dominion and his kingdom is from
Dominion and his kingdom is from
Dominion and his kingdom is from generation to generation all the
generation to generation all the
generation to generation all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as
inhabitants of the earth are reputed as
inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing he does according to his will in
nothing he does according to his will in
nothing he does according to his will in the army of heaven and among the
the army of heaven and among the
the army of heaven and among the inhabitants of the earth no one can
inhabitants of the earth no one can
inhabitants of the earth no one can restrain his hand or say to him what
restrain his hand or say to him what
restrain his hand or say to him what have you done at the same time my reason
have you done at the same time my reason
have you done at the same time my reason returned to me and for the glory of my
returned to me and for the glory of my
returned to me and for the glory of my kingdom my honor and splendour returned
kingdom my honor and splendour returned
kingdom my honor and splendour returned to me my counselors and my Nobles
to me my counselors and my Nobles
to me my counselors and my Nobles resorted to me I was restored to my
resorted to me I was restored to my
resorted to me I was restored to my kingdom and excellent Majesty was added
kingdom and excellent Majesty was added
kingdom and excellent Majesty was added to me now I Nebuchadnezzar praise and
to me now I Nebuchadnezzar praise and
to me now I Nebuchadnezzar praise and extol and honor the king of heaven all
extol and honor the king of heaven all
extol and honor the king of heaven all of whose works are truth and his ways
of whose works are truth and his ways
of whose works are truth and his ways justice and those who walk in pride he
justice and those who walk in pride he
justice and those who walk in pride he is able to put down